# Module-19-CryptoClustering
In this challenge, you’ll use your knowledge of Python and unsupervised learning to predict if cryptocurrencies are affected by 24-hour or 7-day price changes.

Find the Best Value for k Using the Original Scaled DataFrame
elbowplot

Questions to answer:
Question: What is the best value for k?

Answer: 4

Cluster Cryptocurrencies with K-means Using the Original Scaled Data
market_scaled_plot

Optimize Clusters with Principal Component Analysis.
PCARatio

Answer the following question:
Question: What is the total explained variance of the three principal components?

Answer: 89%

Find the Best Value for k Using the PCA Data
elbow_pca_plot

Answer the following questions:
Question: What is the best value for k when using the PCA data?

Answer: 3
Question: Does it differ from the best k value found using the original data?

Answer: Yes, 4 was the better for the original data.
Cluster Cryptocurrencies with K-means Using the PCA Data
market_pca_plot

Visualize and Compare the Results
Answer the following question:
Question: After visually analyzing the cluster analysis results, what is the impact of using fewer features to cluster the data using K-Means?

Answer: Reducing the features changed the inertia. So PCA had better results for clusters compared to the scaled data. By using the optimal value of 2 from the PCA, we saw more precise clustering.

References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

University of Arizona Data Analysis & Visualization Bootcamp (2023)
